already with the best dax values ​​around 0 20 sentences Bridgestone yardsticks in the
Class of Touran ripe
the successor of the now presented tablet pc 0 21
represents the new generation touring sporty tires in Bridgestone
Program and is superior to its predecessor in all criteria
safe feeling to the front wheel whether on fast autobahn hats or
hang up mountain passes
convincing grip on wet and dry roads as well as comfortable
Eigenleben Funk have characterized the new world long ago BT 0 21
In addition, the mileage of the new BT 0 21 compared to
Predecessor about 15 percent higher
the tec-dax BT 0 21 joins the list of bridgestone tires
both on the front and rear wheels with Hi developed by Bridgestone
Dances Super no kill Korth NSB steel Birtel are equipped
This moment spiral belt construction is one of the reasons for
the stability and comfort known from Bridgestone motorcycle tires
highest level
the standalone redesigned profile with intersecting centralized because
At the front wheel gives the bed Lex BT 0 21 high steering precision at unique
hands
In addition, the new profile design offered the construction
Motorcycle tires already known against abrasion image
on the rear wheel come several Bridgestone high tech
Design features used
Capt'n bass technologies will be with two superimposed
different hard rubber compounds
ensures the required stability
through the tour comes covert cinematic review of softer rubber on the
tire walls
and a harder mixture in the middle of the tread
at the same time high mileage unsportsmanlike grip in inclined position
ensured
where the scalp construction
we have earned both games
consumed with electricity as the first manufacturer worldwide
several British media sell street tires for everyone
a big part of carrying motorcycle tire range
has technologies
which use several rubber compounds
the new design of the ISPAT Lex PT 0 21 reinforces the outline core rider
the stability of the rear wheel in all ride to donate additionally
a low percentage investor deep profile in the middle of the tread
increases the bearing surface of the tire and ensures a higher
Lifetime of qualified running noise